CS50 Final Project (Freshman Fall of 2017)

Tyler Piazza

Note: I wil go into detail on the actual algorithms in the design document.

My project was a sudoku website, which means that when someone types 'flask run' into the command line,
a playable puzzle will appear on the screen, which was just generated by the computer. Note that it takes a few seconds to generate a puzzle, so do not be alarmed if it takes a few seconds for the puzzle to load. Simply click on an empty tile and type in the keyboard to fill the square.
Once you are on this screen, you are fully allowed to type up to 5 characters in the empty boxes of the sudoku grid. The rules of sudoku (for those who do not know) are as follows:
your goal is to fill the 9x9 grid with all columns, rows, and 3x3 shaded blocks containing all numbers 1 through 9 once and only once. You are done when you have all numbers filled in with these rules being satisfied.
One should realize that sudoku games are uniquely solvable (sure, people could give few enough hints to lead to more solutions, but this is not what is happenening in my game). You should also know that I purposefully set up the board so that it is invariant under 180 degree rotation (for asthetic purposes).

You are allowed (and encouraged) to type in more than one number in each empty box - this is usually referred to as penciling. I usually write multiple numbers when I know that one of two numbers is in a certain spot.
On the bottom is a button labelled "How am I doing?". If you click on this, the text below will be one of three things:
if you have successfully solved the entire puzzle without error, it wil tell you "Congrats! You solved the puzzle".
If you have made any mistakes, it will tell you "Oops! You've made (# of mistakes) mistakes".
If you have not made any mistakes, but are not done, it will tell you "You've made no mistakes (since you last checked)".
When you finish the puzzle, click on this button to find out if you have actually solved it (in other words, it will not notice that it is solved until you ask it to check).
Note that if there are more than 1 character, or a number besides 1 through 9, it will not be counted as a mistake. It will also not be counted as a right answer.
A mistake is defined to be an instance when you have input one number in a place where another number should be expected.

Once you are done with this puzzle, you can click on the blue "Sudoku" icon in the upper left to generate another puzzle (which will take a few seconds).
You will notice at the top of each puzzle the phrase "Difficulty: X" for some difficulty X. This difficulty is the number of empty spots plus
the sum of (bi - 1)^2, where bi is the number of possible initial choices for a given spot (I will talk about this in the later section).
